Chotapur! Chotapur!
Hey boy,
your father said that you have
to get down at this stop.
Oh, okay.
I'll get my bags and get down here.
Thank you, conductor.
Bye.
Owww!
Can’t you see where
you're going?
You didn't see where
you were going!
Look at what you've
done to my cycle!
The handle bar is all bent.
Look at what you've done to me!
My elbows are all bruised.
Kanasu, are you okay?
I’m not hurt.
Who's this boy?
And you?
Are you fine?
I’m fine.
These are just scratches on my elbow.
Kanasu, this was your fault.
Don’t shout at him for something
you know you have done.
But!
Okay. Fine.
Yes, it was my fault.
I’m sorry.
That’s okay.
Hi, my name is Sahir.
I don't think we have met before.
Are you visiting someone
here in Chotapur?
Hi, I'm Zo.
I have come from Badapur.
I'm waiting for my
grandmother to pick me up.
Hello, Zo.
I'm Kanasu.
I've heard so much about Badapur.
Did you go to school there?
Which class are you in?
Tell me more about Badapur.
Oh! I can see Aunty
coming towards us!
Hi Aunty!
That’s my Grandma!
Hi, Zo!
I’m sorry I'm late.
I’m getting older by the day and
my knees are getting weaker.
You have grown at least 2 inches
since I last saw you!
What happened to your elbows?!
I had a small fall but I'm fine.
Unfortunately, the handlebar
of Kanasu’s cycle is bent.
I see that you've already
met Kanasu and Sahir.
Zo can help you
fix your cycle, Kanasu.
He's really good with
repairing things.
Why don't you both
join us for a cup of tea?
Sure, Aunty.
That’s a good idea.
Come, Zo, let me help
you carry that bag.
Kanasu, you can walk with the cycle.
No thanks Sahir.
It is alright.
It is not heavy.
You can put the other
bag on the cycle, Zo.
Let’s go!